non adaptive 1

In today's digital era, technological advancement able to everyone's work easy, like rapid growth of artificial intelligence, machine leraning and much more. By adapting the latest advancement of techanology and fullfil their need is the goal. In next paragraph the main objectives of the new technology is discussed.

To begin with, the main idea of the modern technology is to make people's life eas and fast. With the help of techanology the complex problem that is not solved by human that is done by compuer. for example, In new world of quantum computing to find the solution of any perticular problem that take hundreds of to years to solve the issue, while using super computer that done in seconds.

In addition to, the people are work or do any job for money and for that they need help of computer  or any job related machine. So, to done work in less time and make money rapidly in every sector technology used. With the help of an technology the human is more efficient than before. For example, to send a message to family member or cousin it takes several monts to reach message but while use of mobile we can send message in seconds.

Morever, to build a next generation gadgets or equipment that required lot's of human strength and time, to overcome this issue   old technology used and that makes productive outcomes. In other hand, advancement in futuratistic machine consume lot of thinking that previously done by human, it make people more productive but the ability to think is decresed to due to machine think behalf of them. The objective of the use of technology is not to provide extra time for leisure time but to solve the complex problem.

At last, the technolgy made human less thinkable and more lazy for solve the problem. So. the main goal of the technology is not to find more time for leisure activity but help the human to solve extremely complex problem in efficientaly.


mock 1 adaptive


In the today's digital era, To build unique or out of box product people must require intrest in it. For that, they need to habituted to some fibd passion in wherever and whenever is possible. I am agree with the statement that to create the best thing then need to take intrest in everything. If the person is not curious then their were very rare chance that best ides aries.

To begin with, passionate people are very curious and they ask to many question until their satisfaction. For example, if izec newton did not have curiosity about question "why the apple is went down insted of going up"?, the rule for gravity take too many years to found that. So the if people are intrested in every commonplace thing then anyone can think best idea.

Morever, it does not gurantee that if are intrested in everything then you eventually come up with unique solution, they need to try more and more that result that chances of best solution increases. If you are able to see things with passionate intrest then you have better abilit to judge and solve the problem. In addition to, the more you find the problem then their is high probability that you came up with best in industry solution that no one think.

Furthermore, if we take intrest in commonplace things then the general problem of that thing is known and to solve that problem we came up with idea. The solution of the thing start from the asking question why? If the person is not passionate then it seems to impossible. Such as, one day founder of uber(taxy company) realizes that if i can book a can from the home at my own time that intrest and question help founder to built the multi national company.

On the other hand, at the end of the day we are human so we cannot take intrest in everything. It require lot of effort and time that everyone not compromise. To develoop the habit of finding intrest we need to try as many thing as posssible and then we can find best idea among that perticular area.

At the last, to find the best product or solution we must require extreme intrest in that field that passion about solving problem that helpful when you see that the solution is not possible that require too much effort, at that time the your curiosity help with find best out of it.



mock 2 adaptive


Human have greatest power of among the living beings, they have emotion and to understand and solve the any situation they have extraordinary mind. Earth have all types of living beings like underwater animal, mammals, birds, the animal who live on surface of earth and also plants. As human it is our duty to protect those living beings from natural or unnatural causes.

To begin with, every species on the earth required oxygen to live and the oxygon generate from the plants. So, as a human everyone need to understand to importants of plants and maximize the effect to protect and save tree from any causes that decreased the number of their population. We are the leader of among all species on the earth, So to protect other species and plants it is our duty and to fulfill this we need to give effort, time and money whenever change is came. 

Furthermore, endangered species are also equally important as any other species because of the cycle of the environment. This cycle says that the every species depend on other species for food, habitat etc., So if we break one of them then the cycle of the environment is broken and at the end all species collapse. Result, that the no living being will exist if this will happen. Therefore, if whatever the cost and time is required as leader of all species we must sacrifice the some thing for better of all.

Moreover, human have greatest minds and to solve the money and time issue we can do that with the help of government and NGO's. It will take time for solve the problem but at the end it all worth it. I believe that the endangered species are also example of our expansion of habitat in those area where this species live. We need to understand the impact that given by us on their lives instead of effect on us.

At the end, to protect and save the earth and lifecycle of environment everyone required to contribute to the society or at the personal level whatever the effer needed we must take chance as a leader and for well being of other species.







The best gift that anyone can give to other is education. In today's digital era, education is most important for success. And that starts from the when child went to school for primary and secondary education. To adapt this knowledge student require to follow courses that are offered by various school. I believe that the syllabus created by the expert of teaching industry and one factor that they highlight is region and language wise different course.

To begin with, In the nation every school offer different courses but some of the courses are same in the all of them. If the government apply all the course as same for every school then student do not understand the local as well as the cultural impact, that previously included in syllabus. For example, the particular region of nation follow some traditional and literature courses of that region but it was not included in other part of the nation.

Additionally, In the country where more than one language is spoken there student wants to learn curriculum in their native language. According to proven research, if the school student gain knowledge in their respective local language their is high probability that they learn fast as well as he or she enjoy the process of learning. Whereas, if in the whole country the curriculum is same then the for the school whose methods of teaching or best faculties then compaction for admission increase due to limited availability of seats.

Furthermore, those students who learn to course apart from their regional course they can not learn if the one curriculum would applied. On the other hand, student not able to find best course among all other because of lack of guidance for that nationwide only one course is preferable.

At last, at the young age student must need to gain skill or any type of education in their local curriculum instead of all nation have only one. In addition to, student can learn the courses that are interest in it and choose the courses according to their interest.





People learn from their past and make their future bright. Chankya says, "We cannot learn from only our mistake, for grow fast and neglate the compitition we must observe the mistake of others." Moreover, every past has some learnings and gain insights from it that was challenging. People often forget to understand the mistak they did in the past and again do same mistakes.

To begin with, as human we always try to find to history interesting, because of the knowledge that we  gain from past. Additionally, for the understanding of our great historical past that require lot of analytical as well as interpreting skill. Suppose, we found the some heritage ornaments from that was design thousands of year ago, to undersatnd these design and map with other is very hard. For that it require lot of passion and creative mind.

Furthermore, every historical thoigs has story and in order to interpret these story we must need find pattern, like which region those artifacts was found and map it with similar design from other historical place. Moreover, as a wise man said, "History repeat itself". For example, nature shows frequent pattern of why every civilization was destroyed, and if we understand the pattern of this occurance that will surely help in future for our civilizatio.

In addition, if we develop the environment where the event that occured in the past that was able to fill in these environment. It is best practise for adapting knowledge from historical past by creating the same past in present. To create that type of environment expert as well as creative people are required. It is not everyone cup of tea to gain insights from historical artifacts or documents.

At last, to find the best meaning of our great history we must find the creative minds. And find best out of history we must think out of the box idea that applied to hitorical accounts and gain knowledge that will help in make our future more brighter.






















